Clarify binding options and remove mention of deny_null_bind (#1337)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.20.x/content/docs/auth/ldap.mdx

### Binding parameters

The LDAP auth method supports the following methods for resolving the user object used to authenticate the end user:
- **Search** - Searches the LDAP server directory for the user object based on the provided username. This search can performed in one of two ways:
    - Authenticated search - The bind user must be set using `binddn` and `bindpass`
    - Anonymous search - `discoverdn` must be set to `true`

> - **User Principal Name (UPN)** - UPN is a method of specifying users supported by Active Directory. More information on UPN can be found [here](<https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms677605(v=vs.85).aspx#userPrincipalName>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **User Principal Name (UPN)** - UPN is a method of specifying users supported
  by Active Directory. Refer to the
  [User Naming Attributes](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms677605(v=vs.85).aspx#userPrincipalName)
  page in the Active Directory Domain Services documentation for more UPN
  information.
```
Edited to match earlier suggestion
